---
title: "Pānui o te wiki - 15 June 2026"
date: 2026-06-15
---

Kia ora, e hoa.

Welcome to the first newsletter on our new platform!
We've migrated our email list from Waiata Wednesdays to keep you all up to date. 

If you know anyone who hasn't received this email, please get them to sign up for the newsletter on the website.


# Panui o te wiki!
​
## Wednesday | 17 June 2026

Carmel School Visit
Waiata Wednesday - 6pm

## Sunday | 28 June 2026

Kapa Haka with Kaihaka

Starting Sunday 28th June, Join Eru and Kaihaka for Kapa Haka practices at Ō Wairoa Marae.

Kaihaka are a collective of Māori practitioners teaching and sharing our customary Māori practices. Educating through kapa haka, workshops / wananga , events and performances nationally and internationally.

Starting from 2pm with the first half teaching kupu, actions etc This is a great opportunity to learn more about Kapa Haka, Kaihakas performance brackets, and get to know more about what they do.

## Matariki | 18 July 2026

​Plans are coming along for the Matariki Festival at Ō Wairoa Marae!

Following the hui on Friday this is the current program.

Note:
Matariki will rise between 5.30am and 6.30 am
High Tide is at 10.30am on 18th July.
After the start, times are fluid and could go 15mins each way.

**4.45am**
Opening Whare Ora, Green Room to set up kai and hot drinks
People can drop off kai until 5.15am
Set up fire and start

**5.30am**
Karanga ki Matariki / Manuhiri
Whakatau / Waiata
Explanation of the Matariki Whakanui
Karakia
Story telling (Pita Turei)

**7.00am**
Kai in Whare Ora / Green Room
Hall for extra seating if we need too.

**8.15 / 8.30 am**
Putara will sound for rowers to gather at buses for ride to waka at Bucklands Beach
Start to clean up hall and whare kai

**9.00am**
Kemu / Practice of Toia Mai for waka (for anyone who at marae)
BBQ
Stalls at Front can open

**9.30am**
Putara Sounds
Walk to Beach to set up for welcoming waka
Set up for Toia Mai / Welcome Waka

**10.00am**
Waka arrive
Welcome and return to marae

**11.00am**
Arrive at marae
Karakia on Marae Atea / kai for the Kaihoe
Stalls open / BBQ until 1.00pm
Kapa Haka

The Whare Matariki will be open for visits from early morning.

The waiata we will look to use during the day will be added to our site and we will be practicing these on Waiata Wednesday! 


As always - We look forward to seeing you soon.

Kia pai te ra! ☀️
